family How are you delighted to
be back here with you look
at the time I'm uploading this
video 2:39 Well you can see
it here below not 2:39 in the morning I just finished live on Javier canijo I was going to record and I'm going to go and I'm going to record the lollipop so that tomorrow morning you can have your video on the lollipop
with all the gossip And I come across
this very urgent breaking news
Marta risk just
exploded 15 minutes 10 minutes ago she's
carving right now during the
last hour with Antonio David's live
Antonio David has spoken very little
about the subject of the breakup I'm going to
show you specifically this clip that
our dear jero shared last
week a week ago And something Marta
on her Instagram announces that we are breaking up
effectively we have broken up and it is a
breakup without re I mean we are not going to get back together
this is an extreme that I more or less
took for granted at the moment that she brought
her daughter into the middle not at the moment
that she points out  Rice Flowers puts him as a father
in a difficult position
because Claro
is publicly pointing the finger at my daughter
with everything my daughter has going on, you
know, she knows that my daughter
has asked me not to get involved in her
business anymore, to please ignore her business, to
leave her alone and to ignore
things that have to do with her
and you are involving her, you are not
throwing her out there to the lions, no, this is
putting her in a position that I know a
little about what Anthony is about, I would say that you do not
forgive her anymore. I believe that this
breakup on this occasion is completely
definitive, she
will have my help, my support as a friend
Always, all life
two if she has not spoken nor have I
spoken, it
was speculated, I read a message no, they are not going to
talk because that is a lie, as they
said, it is a lie, it is a setup,
no, they are not talking Because on Wednesday
an exclusive will come out where they are going to talk.
Well, Marta has not spoken and anyone who
knows her well knows that she is not going to talk, I have
not spoken, I
have received offers from
magazine directors to do an exclusive
and
at the time in the conversation I
thanked her in the same way that I did not
and
all those messages that I have been reading.
Well, really
little  they have to do with reality
some messages even saying
[ __ ] that you don't define your daughter It's that
maybe which here here where it says what I
just told you I'm not going to clarify
this also worth it so that it's
also clear
Rocío for a long time
asked me not to talk about her
personal issues not to defend her not to
deal with anything at all to pass the subject
to her so that it would go away
and many things have happened throughout
this last year and I
respected her decision and I'm going to continue
doing it okay clarified that also let's
see this is the click that Hero has published I have
n't seen
Anthony's entire live yet I've been watching it in
pieces when it was airing because
I was preparing mine but on
the subject of the relationship I think there's nothing
more on the subject of the relationship
I think there's nothing more Marta
Rioja has published some stories
saying that well now it's
her turn Let's read it but it's that on the
subject of the relationship I think she hasn't said
anything else because if not people would have come
to me on my live to tell me
something No me Javi look at what Antonio said
Hi Marta, I had written you a message
but I don't think it reached you first. I
just saw a click of Antonio David in
his live saying that it was a
breakup with no return. I don't know what
happened for him to give such a
forceful response. I have always thought that
in this life it is risky to say I will
not drink from this water. I am not going to judge
the reasons for the breakup because that is
only known to you,
regardless of the fact that the rest of us from the
outside may have our own
opinion, vision and opinion of the story.
What I will tell you is that perhaps now you
are thinking what I did wrong or that I
should have done this in a different way.
Obviously, you learn from your mistakes. I say
that he will have made his own
but in your case, do not fall into the
error now, excuse the redundancy of
beating your chest now.
Because if there is a truth as a temple
known to all, it is that you have given more
for that relationship than 99% of
any woman in your place. I
cannot think of a mistake capable of I don't know
what good. Let's see, I cannot think of a mistake
capable of covering that up. For the rest, even if
you are devastated despite  of the courage
and professionalism that is being shown
in the stories what others call their
profile think that this story is
just one of many that will be part
of one of the many stages of your life
in a while you will be able to look
back
putting it into perspective on an
emotional level for the rest live and be
happy life is about that in
these moments of happiness and others of
bitterness a sign that we breathe
someone once told me that everything in life
happens for a reason it is something I ignore because
I am more rational than spiritual but if there is one
thing I am sure of it is that everything passes
resilience put here Marta I risk and
suddenly she will get into
Antonio David's live and she will see whatever it is and
says well now it will be my turn not
Antonio David and tags him No well
now it will be my turn
share another message I have seen
Anthony's live and I don't see him That
sadness in your eyes that I see you
cheer up girl what you have nothing makes you
stronger What doesn't kill you makes you
stronger I imagine that she would want to put no
matter the reasons for people that is
just giving  carnal the reasons are yours
And his Although in this case his don't
matter to me second part were never
good and you don't belong to that world of
tricks you have given 120% of your love
and has not received the same To each their
own will come And to you
all the good will come it's a backpack that you're going to have to
carry for a long time but Keep
the good we have met you
through this story thousands of people and we have
changed our minds for the better thousands of others you
will find work as reporters I know
because you're good well sorry for the long
post I just wanted to encourage you and
remind you that you are very strong he
says let's see what they are blaming the dog it
bothered him because Antonio with humor
that comment I feel an
immense shame and you don't know How I can feel
right now I gave it all and I lost everything
but I will get ahead
and don't worry I'll laugh and
throw away the ring no that she wore until a
few days ago in tweets that we
were commenting on Yesterday when we
were live with Marina we
were commenting that
in tweets she wore the ring Marta
wore the ring And yes I keep blaming  To
your daughter, Ro 13, of everything that happened and
to you for allowing it.
Family is coming. What do you think
about all this? We will be following.
These stories were posted
just 15 minutes ago and you already have the video
here on Telesalseo. Subscribe.
We will be
up to date with everything and we can't
go on vacation here because the gossip
doesn't stop. I want your comments now.